lib: modem_slm: Refactor UART implementation. (#21982)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/slm_shell/README.rst

Requirements
************

> The SLM application should be configured to use UART_2 on the nRF91 Series DK side with hardware flow control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SLM application should be configured to use UART2 on the nRF91 Series DK side with hardware flow control.
```
